we found ourselves at the side of the ring in the background they found out the ones carried out the the
true several fights but one that I think left a buzz but super
super super sweet
I ask at least to us that the museum never gave the fight or not no no no
the thrilling exciting truth a tremendous fight
between the warriors two of the urban militants antillon
humberto la zorrita soto let's ask what is it because we see
basically down the ring you see doing now
if like her we are not going to fire a stressed one
therefore for the fight of the night
a great night of the year in the year of year but as p
the truth is not incredible the way they stick to me for me was like
the fight of the year
He was fighting
and a lot of respect for both
that barbarous how they hold on the truth
yes and because practically the two came with everything
i respect sticks two i'm not neutral i always say that you will win the one
the one that more work
and the subject was devoted to training and everything was fine
we need
I believe that both of them had already approved and dedicate themselves to working hard because
base hit with all an incredible amount of hits because we're going to
see the reactions of these two warriors both antillon and export
p for inside
r
stated that I would like
to see to see closed for sports process groups the
stressed that he had no luck
God is not work marraban out true of said boat by pro porter
and you have to close the last 10 seconds not the hat resources because
the truth that he fought
work
Our city
the power for these jobs which covered by a person to try to
attract audiences to now because it has to be said
first of all the truth humberto and all the people here are here
I do not have a hat but I take it off because the truth according to whether or not no no no
those demands then that the people who attended for that pay their ticket and there
to give satisfaction to all those people who attend
willy and bibi was difficult it was very good if the fight is about it I personally
I saw it clearer & poor but but the judges wardrobe very very close
very closed clear that has been granted in masters to the mouth of the wolf
a fight because he had all of it
but nevertheless
that what you do more is that what is down there is third in
account and it showed that it rotted I think the result is
I'm happy that people like this campaign
on some occasions and saw how he was going to fall though that he also endured
of antillion a guardian astonished fought I think that
the fights between Mexicans and South
and I think that what people deserve
fight of the year definitely I think hopefully I think that yes we hope it is
many more
good friends the truth that it's worth to come these fights because although a
sir's office was not present on this evening the truth that fights
they had here
they were very good and you know you can check the
both on facebook
put sporty term
so much also
like 38 also contuso sports plas i soil muciño we are from the band
center see you next time we forget to check all of two sections but
for you also proespacio on Mondays and Fridays at eleven o'clock
night in addition to Saturdays at 7 the relays and one nights